It's up to you to block
Don't mention the word ban
Who can you ban?
Kid from today
I make it difficult for you to move in Jiangnan Province
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Being banned by us is equivalent to the death penalty
Look at what you've done
Don't leave a golden tortoise-in-law like Yunxiao
Don't look for this lunatic
This is it.
The Li family was played to death by him
The frog in the well?
Zhonghai is just a place of words
The stage of the Li family should be bigger
Or even the whole Longyou
All lunatics are really delusional
You even Li Jia
The difficulties encountered in Zhonghai cannot be solved
I also want to build something in Jiangnan Province
If I could really do it
What can you do?
All right, all you can do is
Offend adults like the God of War and the King of Heaven
Let the Li family be told
Don't forget the beginning
Your Li family really has a good son-in-law.
I have
Shen Zhiqiu was ordered to prepare a 10 billion contract and send it to the Li family
Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce
It's Shen Zhiqiu, the richest man in Jiangnan Province
Hana is a leading company
You are a small workshop
Will the Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce invest in him?
Lu Ming, when will you be able to recognize reality?
Can you stop talking big?